but King Solomon loved many foreign
but King Solomon loved many foreign women as well as the daughter of pharaoh
women as well as the daughter of pharaoh
women as well as the daughter of pharaoh women of the moabites ammonites
women of the moabites ammonites
women of the moabites ammonites Sidonians and Hittites from the nations
Sidonians and Hittites from the nations
Sidonians and Hittites from the nations of whom the Lord had said to the
of whom the Lord had said to the
of whom the Lord had said to the children of Israel you shall not
children of Israel you shall not
children of Israel you shall not intermarry with them nor they with you
intermarry with them nor they with you
intermarry with them nor they with you surely they will turn away your hearts
surely they will turn away your hearts
surely they will turn away your hearts after their gods Salomon clung to these
after their gods Salomon clung to these
after their gods Salomon clung to these in love and he had 700 wives princesses
in love and he had 700 wives princesses
in love and he had 700 wives princesses and 300 concubines and his wives turned
and 300 concubines and his wives turned
and 300 concubines and his wives turned away his heart forever so when Solomon
away his heart forever so when Solomon
away his heart forever so when Solomon was old that his wives turned his heart
was old that his wives turned his heart
was old that his wives turned his heart after other gods and his heart was not
after other gods and his heart was not
after other gods and his heart was not loyal to the Lord his God as was the
loyal to the Lord his God as was the
loyal to the Lord his God as was the heart of his father David for Solomon
heart of his father David for Solomon
heart of his father David for Solomon went after ashteroth the goddess of the
went after ashteroth the goddess of the
went after ashteroth the goddess of the sidonians and after milking the
sidonians and after milking the
sidonians and after milking the abomination of the ammonites Solomon did
abomination of the ammonites Solomon did
abomination of the ammonites Solomon did evil in the sight of the Lord and did
evil in the sight of the Lord and did
evil in the sight of the Lord and did not fully follow the Lord as did his
not fully follow the Lord as did his
not fully follow the Lord as did his father David then Solomon builds a high
father David then Solomon builds a high
father David then Solomon builds a high place for kamesh the abomination of MOA
place for kamesh the abomination of MOA
place for kamesh the abomination of MOA on the hill that is east of Jerusalem
on the hill that is east of Jerusalem
on the hill that is east of Jerusalem and phenolic the abomination of the
and phenolic the abomination of the
and phenolic the abomination of the people of ammon and he did likewise for
people of ammon and he did likewise for
people of ammon and he did likewise for all his foreign wives who burned incense
all his foreign wives who burned incense
all his foreign wives who burned incense and sacrificed to their gods so the Lord
and sacrificed to their gods so the Lord
and sacrificed to their gods so the Lord became angry with Solomon because his
became angry with Solomon because his
became angry with Solomon because his heart had turned from the Lord God of
heart had turned from the Lord God of
heart had turned from the Lord God of Israel who had appeared to him twice and
Israel who had appeared to him twice and
Israel who had appeared to him twice and had commanded him concerning this thing
had commanded him concerning this thing
had commanded him concerning this thing that he should not go after other gods
that he should not go after other gods
that he should not go after other gods but he did not keep what the Lord had
but he did not keep what the Lord had
but he did not keep what the Lord had commanded therefore the Lord said to
commanded therefore the Lord said to
commanded therefore the Lord said to Solomon because you have done this and
Solomon because you have done this and
Solomon because you have done this and have not kept my covenant and my
have not kept my covenant and my
have not kept my covenant and my statutes which I have commanded you
statutes which I have commanded you
statutes which I have commanded you I will surely tear the kingdom away from
I will surely tear the kingdom away from
I will surely tear the kingdom away from you and give it to your servant
you and give it to your servant
you and give it to your servant nevertheless I will not do it in your
nevertheless I will not do it in your
nevertheless I will not do it in your days for the sake of your father David I
days for the sake of your father David I
days for the sake of your father David I will tear it out of the hand of your son
will tear it out of the hand of your son
will tear it out of the hand of your son however I will not tear away the whole
however I will not tear away the whole
however I will not tear away the whole kingdom I will give one tribe to your
kingdom I will give one tribe to your
kingdom I will give one tribe to your son for the sake of my servant David and
son for the sake of my servant David and
son for the sake of my servant David and for the sake of Jerusalem which I have
for the sake of Jerusalem which I have
for the sake of Jerusalem which I have chosen now the Lord raised up an
chosen now the Lord raised up an
chosen now the Lord raised up an adversary against Solomon hey Dad
adversary against Solomon hey Dad
adversary against Solomon hey Dad the Edomite he was a descendant of the
the Edomite he was a descendant of the
the Edomite he was a descendant of the King in Edom for it happened when David
King in Edom for it happened when David
King in Edom for it happened when David was in Edom and Joab the commander of
was in Edom and Joab the commander of
was in Edom and Joab the commander of the army had gone up to bury the slain
the army had gone up to bury the slain
the army had gone up to bury the slain after he had killed every male in Edom
after he had killed every male in Edom
after he had killed every male in Edom because for six months job remained
because for six months job remained
because for six months job remained there with all Israel until he had cut
there with all Israel until he had cut
there with all Israel until he had cut down every male in Eden that hey Dad
down every male in Eden that hey Dad
down every male in Eden that hey Dad fled to go to Egypt he and certain
fled to go to Egypt he and certain
fled to go to Egypt he and certain of his father's servants with
of his father's servants with
of his father's servants with him hey Dad was still a little child
him hey Dad was still a little child
him hey Dad was still a little child then they arose from Midian and came to
then they arose from Midian and came to
then they arose from Midian and came to Paran and they took men with them from
Paran and they took men with them from
Paran and they took men with them from Paran and came to Egypt to Pharaoh king
Paran and came to Egypt to Pharaoh king
Paran and came to Egypt to Pharaoh king of Egypt who gave him a house a portion
of Egypt who gave him a house a portion
of Egypt who gave him a house a portion food for him and gave him land and hey
food for him and gave him land and hey
food for him and gave him land and hey Dad found great favor in the sight of
Dad found great favor in the sight of
Dad found great favor in the sight of Pharaoh so that he gave him his wife the
Pharaoh so that he gave him his wife the
Pharaoh so that he gave him his wife the sister of his own wife that is the
sister of his own wife that is the
sister of his own wife that is the sister of Queen Tiffany's
sister of Queen Tiffany's
sister of Queen Tiffany's then the sister of Tappin ease for him
then the sister of Tappin ease for him
then the sister of Tappin ease for him canoe birth his son whom Tapani is
canoe birth his son whom Tapani is
canoe birth his son whom Tapani is weaned in Pharaoh's house and canoe bath
weaned in Pharaoh's house and canoe bath
weaned in Pharaoh's house and canoe bath was in Pharaoh's household among the
was in Pharaoh's household among the
was in Pharaoh's household among the sons of Pharaoh
sons of Pharaoh
sons of Pharaoh so when hey Dad heard in Egypt that
so when hey Dad heard in Egypt that
so when hey Dad heard in Egypt that David rested with his father's and that
David rested with his father's and that
David rested with his father's and that Joab the commander of the army was dead
Joab the commander of the army was dead
Joab the commander of the army was dead hey Dad said to Pharaoh let me depart
hey Dad said to Pharaoh let me depart
hey Dad said to Pharaoh let me depart that I may go to my own country but what
that I may go to my own country but what
that I may go to my own country but what have you lacked with me that suddenly
have you lacked with me that suddenly
have you lacked with me that suddenly you seek to go to your own country
you seek to go to your own country
you seek to go to your own country nothing but do let me go anyway and God
nothing but do let me go anyway and God
nothing but do let me go anyway and God raised up another adversary against him
raised up another adversary against him
raised up another adversary against him reason the son of a Lyda who had fled
reason the son of a Lyda who had fled
reason the son of a Lyda who had fled from his Lord had a diese king of Zuba
from his Lord had a diese king of Zuba
from his Lord had a diese king of Zuba so he gathered meant him and became
so he gathered meant him and became
so he gathered meant him and became captain over a band of Raiders when
captain over a band of Raiders when
captain over a band of Raiders when David killed those of Zelda and they
David killed those of Zelda and they
David killed those of Zelda and they went to Damascus and dwelt there and
went to Damascus and dwelt there and
went to Damascus and dwelt there and reigned in Damascus he was an adversary
reigned in Damascus he was an adversary
reigned in Damascus he was an adversary of Israel all the days of Solomon
of Israel all the days of Solomon
of Israel all the days of Solomon besides the trouble that hey Dad caused
besides the trouble that hey Dad caused
besides the trouble that hey Dad caused and he abhorred Israel and reigned over
and he abhorred Israel and reigned over
and he abhorred Israel and reigned over Syria then Solomon's servant Jeroboam
Syria then Solomon's servant Jeroboam
Syria then Solomon's servant Jeroboam the son of Nebat a nephron it--from
the son of Nebat a nephron it--from
the son of Nebat a nephron it--from zarida whose mother's name was Zorua a
zarida whose mother's name was Zorua a
zarida whose mother's name was Zorua a widow also rebelled against the king and
widow also rebelled against the king and
widow also rebelled against the king and this is what caused him to rebel against
this is what caused him to rebel against
this is what caused him to rebel against the king solomon had built the mill oh
the king solomon had built the mill oh
the king solomon had built the mill oh and repaired the damages to the City of
and repaired the damages to the City of
and repaired the damages to the City of David his father the man Jeroboam was a
David his father the man Jeroboam was a
David his father the man Jeroboam was a mighty man of Valor and Solomon seeing
mighty man of Valor and Solomon seeing
mighty man of Valor and Solomon seeing that the young man was industrious made
that the young man was industrious made
that the young man was industrious made him the officer over all the labor force
him the officer over all the labor force
him the officer over all the labor force of the house of Joseph now it happened
of the house of Joseph now it happened
of the house of Joseph now it happened at that time
at that time
at that time when Jeroboam went out of Jerusalem that
when Jeroboam went out of Jerusalem that
when Jeroboam went out of Jerusalem that the prophet Elijah the Shiloh Knight met
the prophet Elijah the Shiloh Knight met
the prophet Elijah the Shiloh Knight met him on the way and he had clothed
him on the way and he had clothed
him on the way and he had clothed himself with a new garment and the two
himself with a new garment and the two
himself with a new garment and the two were alone in the field then a Hydra
were alone in the field then a Hydra
were alone in the field then a Hydra took hold of the new garment the
took hold of the new garment the
took hold of the new garment the Byzantium and tore it into 12 pieces and
Byzantium and tore it into 12 pieces and
Byzantium and tore it into 12 pieces and he said to Jeroboam take for yourself
he said to Jeroboam take for yourself
he said to Jeroboam take for yourself ten pieces for thus says the Lord the
ten pieces for thus says the Lord the
ten pieces for thus says the Lord the God of Israel
God of Israel
God of Israel behold I will tear the kingdom out of
behold I will tear the kingdom out of
behold I will tear the kingdom out of the hand of Solomon and will give ten
the hand of Solomon and will give ten
the hand of Solomon and will give ten tribes to you but he shall have one
tribes to you but he shall have one
tribes to you but he shall have one tribe for the sake of my servant David
tribe for the sake of my servant David
tribe for the sake of my servant David and for the sake of Jerusalem the city
and for the sake of Jerusalem the city
and for the sake of Jerusalem the city which I have chosen out of all the
which I have chosen out of all the
which I have chosen out of all the tribes of Israel because they have
tribes of Israel because they have
tribes of Israel because they have forsaken me and worshipped ashteroth the
forsaken me and worshipped ashteroth the
forsaken me and worshipped ashteroth the goddess of the sidonians ki mosh the god
goddess of the sidonians ki mosh the god
goddess of the sidonians ki mosh the god of the moabites and milcom
of the moabites and milcom
of the moabites and milcom the god of the people of Ammon and have
the god of the people of Ammon and have
the god of the people of Ammon and have not walked in my ways to do what is
not walked in my ways to do what is
not walked in my ways to do what is right in my eyes and keep my statutes
right in my eyes and keep my statutes
right in my eyes and keep my statutes and my judgments as did his father David
and my judgments as did his father David
and my judgments as did his father David however I will not take the whole
however I will not take the whole
however I will not take the whole kingdom out of his hand because I have
kingdom out of his hand because I have
kingdom out of his hand because I have made him ruler all the days of his life
made him ruler all the days of his life
made him ruler all the days of his life for the sake of my servant David whom I
for the sake of my servant David whom I
for the sake of my servant David whom I chose because he kept my Commandments
chose because he kept my Commandments
chose because he kept my Commandments and my statutes but I will take the
and my statutes but I will take the
and my statutes but I will take the kingdom out of his son's hand and give
kingdom out of his son's hand and give
kingdom out of his son's hand and give it to you ten tribes and to his son I
it to you ten tribes and to his son I
it to you ten tribes and to his son I will give one tribe that my servant
will give one tribe that my servant
will give one tribe that my servant David may always have a lamp before me
David may always have a lamp before me
David may always have a lamp before me in Jerusalem the city which I have
in Jerusalem the city which I have
in Jerusalem the city which I have chosen for myself to put my name there
chosen for myself to put my name there
chosen for myself to put my name there so I will take you
so I will take you
so I will take you you shall reign over all your heart
you shall reign over all your heart
you shall reign over all your heart desires and you shall be king over
desires and you shall be king over
desires and you shall be king over Israel then it shall be if you heed all
Israel then it shall be if you heed all
Israel then it shall be if you heed all that I command you walk in my ways and
that I command you walk in my ways and
that I command you walk in my ways and do what is right in my sight to keep my
do what is right in my sight to keep my
do what is right in my sight to keep my statutes and my Commandments as my
statutes and my Commandments as my
statutes and my Commandments as my servant David did then I will be with
servant David did then I will be with
servant David did then I will be with you and build for you an enduring house
you and build for you an enduring house
you and build for you an enduring house as I built for David and will give
as I built for David and will give
as I built for David and will give Israel to you and I will afflict the
Israel to you and I will afflict the
Israel to you and I will afflict the descendants of David because of this but
descendants of David because of this but
descendants of David because of this but not forever
Soloman therefore thought to kill Jared
Soloman therefore thought to kill Jared burn but Jeroboam arose and fled to
burn but Jeroboam arose and fled to
burn but Jeroboam arose and fled to Egypt to shy Shack king of Egypt and was
Egypt to shy Shack king of Egypt and was
Egypt to shy Shack king of Egypt and was in Egypt until the death of Solomon now
in Egypt until the death of Solomon now
in Egypt until the death of Solomon now the rest of the acts of Solomon all that
the rest of the acts of Solomon all that
the rest of the acts of Solomon all that he did and his wisdom are they not
he did and his wisdom are they not
he did and his wisdom are they not written in the book of the acts of
written in the book of the acts of
written in the book of the acts of Solomon and the period that Solomon
Solomon and the period that Solomon
Solomon and the period that Solomon reigned in Jerusalem overall Israel was
reigned in Jerusalem overall Israel was
reigned in Jerusalem overall Israel was 40 years then Solomon rested with his
40 years then Solomon rested with his
40 years then Solomon rested with his father's and was buried in the City of
father's and was buried in the City of
father's and was buried in the City of David his father
David his father
David his father Andrea borne his son reigned in his
Andrea borne his son reigned in his
Andrea borne his son reigned in his place